README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/guard/guard.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/grekko/brandeins) [![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/brandeins.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/brandeins) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/badge.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/grekko/brandeins)

Brandeins
--------

brandeins is a command line tool to access the [online pdf archive](http://www.brandeins.de/archiv.html) of the german economic journal [brand eins](http://www.brandeins.de/). You can use it to download articles and merge them together into a single pdf document.


Requirements
--------
Brandeins uses [pdftk](http://www.pdflabs.com/tools/pdftk-the-pdf-toolkit/) to merge the pdf files, [nokogiri](https://github.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri) to parse the online archive and [prawn](https://github.com/prawnpdf/prawn) to create a simple cover page.


Install
--------

```bash
gem install brandeins
```


Usage
--------
Download all available articles of any given issue:

```bash
brandeins download --path=/Path/where/to/download/the/files --year=2013 --month=12
```


Development
--------
Pull requests are very welcome! Please try to follow these simple rules if applicable:
- Please create a topic branch for every separate change you make.
- Add a spec if you find a bug.
- Update the README.


### Author
[Gregory Igelmund](https://github.com/grekko) [(@grekko)](https://twitter.com/grekko)


### Contributors
[Thorben Schröder](https://github.com/walski)

Commit message:

added flattr for brand eins

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/guard/guard.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/grekko/brandeins) [![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/brandeins.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/brandeins) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/badge.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/grekko/brandeins)

Brandeins
--------

brandeins is a command line tool to access the [online pdf archive](http://www.brandeins.de/archiv.html) of the german economic journal [brand eins](http://www.brandeins.de/). You can use it to download articles and merge them together into a single pdf document.


Requirements
--------
Brandeins uses [pdftk](http://www.pdflabs.com/tools/pdftk-the-pdf-toolkit/) to merge the pdf files, [nokogiri](https://github.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri) to parse the online archive and [prawn](https://github.com/prawnpdf/prawn) to create a simple cover page.


Install
--------

```bash
gem install brandeins
```


Usage
--------
Download all available articles of any given issue:

```bash
brandeins download --path=/Path/where/to/download/the/files --year=2013 --month=12
```


Thanks to brand eins
--------
I am a huge fan of the journal and use this tool to be able to read them on my iPad. If you also like the journal and download their articles through this gem you should consider supporting them through flattr (This goes to the journal, not me!):

* [Brand eins Flattr Page](http://flattr.com/profile/brandeins)
* [![Flattr brandeins](http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)](http://flattr.com/thing/1175113/brandeins)



Development
--------
Pull requests are very welcome! Please try to follow these simple rules if applicable:
- Please create a topic branch for every separate change you make.
- Add a spec if you find a bug.
- Update the README.


### Author
[Gregory Igelmund](https://github.com/grekko) [(@grekko)](https://twitter.com/grekko)


### Contributors
[Thorben Schröder](https://github.com/walski)
